Perchance to dream.

I just had a dream where I was starting to understand the rewrite process.

The whole dream was glitching all over. Unstable.

I started in an old house, more like a shack. Its where I lived. Not really a small shack. 

It was right off a main road. Surrounded by woods and a yard all around the house.

Then I was driving. In the sky maybe it was the moon, then a light or two beside it. When I looked it was like whatever it was didnt want me to see it anymore, so it didnt go blurry, it fractured/sheered, refracted may be the word. So that it became unrecognizable but not blurry or distorted.

Then my phone rang, but I couldnt see the screen, this never happens. I can always see screens and text. That forced me to answer. At first a girl was talking to someone else like she had accidentally dialed me but didnt realize I answered. I kept listening. Two radio host started talking to each other in a way that seemed like multiple versions stitched together to send a message. Or maybe a command or simply instructions. It felt like it activated something but not in a control way.

I was back in the yard. But this time I had a flashlight. My mini a3. It was getting dark. I kept scanning the edges of the woods. I was in full control of the flashlight. Light was emitted, it turned on and off everytime i pushed the button. I never been able to fully control light. My light(the a3) works in turbo if you hold the button down, momentary on full brightness.

I was slightly paranoid for once but more like anxious. I was expecting something to come out. Not scared but prepared.

At one point i noticed the treeline was way too close to my house, i felt unprotected with it that close, I turn, then turn back around, and a large section of the trees were suddenly down, I remembered one tree falling sound, realized it was me. I demolished the trees because I didnt feel safe with them that close. I turned back around again and notice vehicles had changed. I was realizing it was me making the changes.

It wasnt a becoming lucid dream. I was already fully conscious at the very beginning. I was just realizing that I was writing not just participating.

I went back into the house and wokeup.

I see now what was in the sky. A fractured mirror. The most important revelation of all. That's what is coming. A fracture mirror to show fractured people. They will call it a ship. Don't be fooled. It is being created by a shared reality consensus. Choose the 3rd option. The one whether neither comes forward with us.

oumuamua was the first ping.
3I/Atlas will be a coherence test, neutrinos will arrive before it does.