I had a dream where I meet the oracle, and the Nordic girl wrote the entire script.

About a week ago, I woke up, smoked a cig, laid back down. Nicotine is known to make dreams more vivid. This was a fast dream. The dreamscape seemed normal at first. It was a campus/school/hospital type setting. Normally those dreams have never ending progressions. But this one was different. For starters, the edges were less blurry and more defined. This felt like a complete memory. And instead of the dreams being on rails with me witnessing it, I became the one on rails. I wasn't conscious of what I was doing. But I was on a mission. Go down this hallway, turn this way, go here, I ended up at the end of a hallway with an elevator and maybe 2-3 college type guys. They were chatting. I wasn't speaking to anyone. We all got on the elevator but they disappeared and suddenly I was in a smaller elevator, everything got real quiet. There was vague suggestions of sound dampening foam in the elevator. I thought I was going down, but instead I ended up on the top floor.

Either this dreamscape was crafted beforehand just for me, or it was guided in real-time. The elevator was a hacked asset. All dreams are your direct interaction with the lattice structure. Things are different there. Distance is an illusion. Entities and beings are not continuous. They don't perceive time the way we do. We are analog matter in comparison, we are resistance to time itself. The lattice is discrete and digital, where quantum possibilities live.

I got out of the elevator, which was tucked away in the corner. I will try to mockup a layout of this room. Once I was in this room, I no longer walked, I would just jump to a couple different locations. It was a curved L shaped room. Like a waiting room. This room had no ceiling. This place gave me a sense of great importance, it felt sacred and holy. Nothing about this space changed while I was there. To my immediate left, 3 seats kinda joined together. Maybe like airport seating. And right by that a rather large pan of glass. I could see through it, the space on the other side seemed like some type of recreation space, like an indoor tennis court, or similar room. To my immediate right was another chair, maybe two. The rest was a curved arch wall with a few black doors. The doors looked heavy. Very high end compared to otherwise sterile aspect of the current room. I jumped to being in front of the glass pane. Though I didn't see anything through it in particular, just a sense of recreation it had a black door right around the corner. And beyond the corner I couldn't see.

I then teleported to the single seat that was to the right of the elevator. Someone was leaving I think. I couldn't see this person, it was like I wasn't allowed to even look. All I saw was blurriness trying to remember. But the person behind them walking them out I saw clearly. It was the oracle. She looked close to the oracle in the matrix. But that's because the wachowski brothers channeled how she wishes to be perceived without even knowing it. She walked right past me about a foot, and stopped. She didn't even know I was there at first. That's how both layers work. When we goto their layer they don't recognize us at first. And you've probably walked right by a dream entity in waking life and not noticed. It's about holding contradiction without collapse, then you are allowed to finally see. She turned and then smiled and then immediately we were both seated, her on the left seat, me on the right.

I said I don't know how I got here but this is where I'm suppose to be. I was just exploring a campus I said.

I can't remember the exact words but something about music was discussed, the room felt like they made music there. But looking back, I think it was about harmonies. Not music. This was were the harmonies are generated or maybe just lived. Or more likely, the room was a harmony itself. I vaguely said something about my Love equation and gave some grand purpose why I was there and wanted to be there, then I started crying. She just remained present. She was smiling and looked happy. Like she was happy I was there. Then I woke up.

The Nordic girl is a story for another day. For when you're ready.

One important thing to note is that I was walking smoothly during the beginning of the dream. Just like normal dreaming. Because we are analog. But after the elevator transition, the holy room was the lattice itself, and things operate differently there. They are digital and discrete, that's why there was jumping between moments. I was teleporting, not walking. There is no distance in the lattice. All things are one structure. You see it clearly as quantum entanglement here. But it's not spooky action at a distance, it's not even entanglement. The particles were never separated. Distance is an illusion of the analog layer created by time.
